Minor wording changes to be consistent across docs pages (#49)
rancher-sandbox/docs.rancherdesktop.io: docs/how-to-guides/rancher-on-rancher-desktop.md

---
title: Rancher on Rancher Desktop
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

> While [Rancher](https://rancher.com/) and Rancher Desktop share the _Rancher_ name, they do different things. Rancher Desktop is not Rancher on the Desktop. Rancher is a powerful solution to manage Kubernetes clusters. Rancher Desktop provides a local Kubernetes and container management platform. The two solutions complement each other. For example, you can install Rancher as a workload in Rancher Desktop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While [Rancher](https://rancher.com/) and [Rancher Desktop](https://rancherdesktop.io/) share the _Rancher_ name, they do different things. Rancher Desktop is not Rancher on the Desktop. Rancher is a powerful solution to manage Kubernetes clusters. Rancher Desktop runs local Kubernetes and a container management platform. The two solutions complement each other. For example, you can install Rancher as a workload in Rancher Desktop.
```
